Docs: Added tip about monitoring multiple SNMP trap versions on one host (#17392)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/network-performance-monitoring/setup-performance-monitoring/snmp-performance-monitoring.mdx

In some circumstances, it's beneficial to isolate the collection of SNMP trap messages into a dedicated container. This is helpful to control scale in large environments as well as creating a distributed monitoring footprint with lower risk of full outages if a container fails. This process is not supported with the Linux service installation.

> Note: You cannot monitor both `v2c` and `v3` traps with the same container. If you want to monitor both trap versions, you will need to launch a secondary dedicated container and configure your trap messages to be sent on a non-default port. For example, if you have `v2c` traps already set up on port `162` you would need to configure your `v3` traps to be sent over another port such as `163`. Once complete you will need to change the Docker container's arguments slightly, from `-p 162:1620/udp` to `-p $src:1620/udp` where `$src` is the port your `v3` traps are arriving on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: You cannot monitor both `v2c` and `v3` traps with the same container. If you want to monitor both trap versions, you'll need to launch a secondary dedicated container and configure your trap messages to be sent on a non-default port. For example, if you have `v2c` traps already set up on port `162`:
1. Configure your `v3` traps to be sent over another port such as `163`. 
2. Change the Docker container's arguments slightly, from `-p 162:1620/udp` to `-p $src:1620/udp` where `$src` is the port your `v3` traps are arriving on.
```
